Jswope00/migrate learner docs (#828)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/learners/completing_assignments/proctored_exams.rst

   available, the source of light must not be behind you.

#. You must sit at a clean desk or table.

#. The following items must not be on your desk or used during your proctored
   exam, unless posted rules for the exam specifically permit these materials.

   * Books.
   * Paper.
   * Pens.
   * Calculators.
   * Textbooks.
   * Notebooks.
   * Phones.

#. The desk or walls around you must not have any writing.

#. The room must be as quiet as possible. Sounds such as music or television
   are not permitted.

=====================================
The Computer You Use to Take the Test
=====================================

#. The computer you are using to take the exam must not have more than one
   display or monitor. For example, if you usually use a laptop with a monitor
   connected, disconnect your monitor and use only the laptop screen.

#. You must close all other programs or windows on your testing computer before
   you begin the exam.

#. You must not use the following tools.

   * Programs such as Excel, Word, or PowerPoint.
   * Communication programs such as Skype.
   * Any website page other than the exam window in your course, including

>      other content on edX.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     other content on your course site.
```

=============
Your Behavior
=============

#. You must establish your identity by using a government-issued photo ID with

>    a name that matches the full name you use in your edx.org account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a name that matches the full name you use in your account on your course site.
```
